Add information on detail section of spatial material (#3389)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/3d/spatial_material.rst

.. image:: img/spatial_material24.png

There are several settings that control how detail is used.

Mask: The detail mask is a black and white image used to control where the
blending takes place on a texture. White is for the detail textures, Black
is for the regular material textures, different shades of gray are for
partial blending of the material textures and detail textures.

Blend Mode: These four modes control how the textures are blended together.

> - Mix: Adds pixel values of one texture with the other. Neither texture is
>   completely mixed at white or black, instead being completely mixed in gray
>   parts of a detail mask.

Reviewer: I am having trouble understanding what you mean by "neither texture is completely mixed" maybe something like this?
```suggestion
- Mix: Combines pixel values of both textures. At black, only show the material texture,
  at white, only show the detail texture. Values of gray create a smooth blend between
  the two.
```
